Add Pull Request object to DORA Metrics data collected (#36398)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dora_metrics/data_collected/_index.md

| Event Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
|Deployment | A single code deployment uniquely identified by env, service, and version tags.<br><br>Deployments can be [marked as failed][17] and are used to compute deployment frequency, change failure rate, and failed deployment recovery time.

> |Pull Request | A pull request included in a deployment. Contains metadata such as author, reviewers, labels, and stage metrics. Commits are nested within their associated pull request.<br><br>Pull requests are used to analyze code review workflows and PR-level cycle time.

Reviewer: "Stage metrics" is a little unclear on its own, we can unpack it:
```suggestion
|Pull Request | A pull request included in a deployment. Contains metadata such as author, reviewers, labels, and time spent drafting, reviewing, and merging. Commits are nested within their associated pull request.<br><br>Pull requests are used to analyze code review workflows and PR-level cycle time.
```
